Yang'er, are you sure your medicine can cure and save people?
What kind of animal skin chicken shit can be used as medicine?
I'm also a 21st century medical scientist
The Duke of the Kingdom has not yet reached the level of cerebral infarction
Fortunately, the accumulation of food was found
If you can help him clear it smoothly
Live another 10 years and 2 decades of good health, no problem
Uncle needs to learn extensive and profound Chinese medicine
It's not just botanical herbs that can save lives
Your grandfather was really used to you since he was a child.
Does he dare to drink? Go
If you don't help, stay out of the way
When I cure my grandfather, you can worship me again
Worship you little girl
To really cure
Then why not cure the disease of hope first?
Hmph, I have seen the symptoms of Qin Wang's illness
There is a difficult poison in his body